At times I felt scared inside
Only looking for a place to hide
The world made me feel different
Now I hold my head up
He said it'd be my confidence
That he'd come to my defense his love
I can't because he gave me courage
When I was feeling weak
Courage when I could not speak
Courage in my dark is not
Courage is stand up tall
Courage is the face it all
Courage is the trust him with my lies
Your hope is always by my side
His ways of he'll take and understand
His worth a sacrifice
Even fire will be
Because he'll give you courage
Courage is the trust him with
He gave me courage when I was feeling weak
Courage when I could not speak
Courage in my dark is not
Courage is stand up tall
Courage is the face it all
Courage is the trust him with my lies
Your hope is always by my side